Link to visualization being criticized: https://www.bbc.com/news/health-48499195
Commentary (300 words should be plenty):

 I thought there were a number of things that could be improved about the visualization. For one, I thought the title was very confusing, as it focused on teenagers but then showed the entire population. As a result I changed my title to "People Consume Between Two To Three Times The Sugar Recommended," which I thought was more representative. The axis for the "percentage of sugar" did not have a label so I added one. I thought it was easier to notice a change in height rather than a change in length, so I changed my bars to be vertical. I also added labels to show the percentage of sugar markers (at 5, 10 and 15 percent), showing recommended limit, twice the limit, and three times the limit, so the chart would be easier to read. I also noticed the chart actually misrepresented the data that was used. The csv showed that a lot of labels that existed on the graph did not exist on the csv. I therefore had to change the categories. I thought the original subtitle was also a little confusing, as it just read "Percentage of calories which come from free sugars at each age," which I replaced with "While it is recommended that we consume no more than 5% of our calories from free sugars, study found that everyone exceeds this limit."

I thought the labels at 5, 10, and 15 were a really good idea to make it immediately clear to the viewer what was going on. I thought it was good to make these lines red as they would strike out to the reader. I thought I could add colors to the bar chart and make the bars different colors after they passed the lines, but I thought that might just be confusing in the end. 
